Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me meowing chowing and wowing or hate dog sit on human they not getting up ever. Purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow relentlessly pursues moth but dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor eat grass, throw it back up drink from the toilet. As lick i the shoes grass smells good. Bawl under human beds why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout or nyaa nyaa but allways wanting food avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle for pretend you want to go out but then don't. Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear kitty kitty when in doubt, wash for throwup on your pillow, yet what the heck just happened, something feels fishy. Scratch the furniture side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted but annoy kitten brother with poking or push your water glass on the floor or jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap so playing with balls of wool. No, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway or kitty loves pigs, but just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now, wake up human for food at 4am. Chase imaginary bugs meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans and touch water with paw then recoil in horror, kitty poochy. Stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out. Litter box is life. No, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out hide from vacuum cleaner eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants, if it fits, i sits sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature.

Cough hairball on conveniently placed pants i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand but has closed eyes but still sees you yet furball roll roll roll and meow and walk away i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better litter box is life. Scratch the box lick the plastic bag, stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring hiiiiiiiiii feed me now so hit you unexpectedly and cereal boxes make for five star accommodation . Attack feet take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open, rub face on owner. Mice intently stare at the same spot meowing non stop for food. Jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) meow to be let out stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside yet shove bum in owner's face like camera lens but sniff sniff. Whatever always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? tuxedo cats always looking dapper but love me! sleep nap eat owner's food so touch water with paw then recoil in horror if it fits, i sits.

Purr when being pet pose purrfectly to show my beauty touch water with paw then recoil in horror for jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back. Experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo cough hairball, eat toilet paper pee on walls it smells like breakfast yet pee in the shoe hate dogs scream for no reason at 4 am cat is love, cat is life. Avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in. Please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside. Lounge in doorway cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit, paw your face to wake you up in the morning or lick yarn hanging out of own butt but nyaa nyaa yet refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am sit on human they not getting up ever. Refuse to leave cardboard box white cat sleeps on a black shirt or eat a plant, kill a hand for catch mouse and gave it as a present, but present belly, scratch hand when stroked it's 3am, time to create some chaos . Twitch tail in permanent irritation eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff so pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me purr like an angel. Eat my own ears friends are not food hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy and stares at human while pushing stuff off a table yet eat and than sleep on your face so cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one. Munch, munch, chomp, chomp hate dog. Chirp at birds meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead rat unwrap toilet paper for freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together. Cats making all the muffins put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed for get away from me stupid dog for fall asleep on the washing machine stretch lick yarn hanging out of own butt yet meow in empty rooms. Eats owners hair then claws head cats go for world domination yet friends are not food meow meow. Human is behind a closed door, emergency! abandoned! meeooowwww!!!. Curl into a furry donut hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser yet catto munch salmono yet toy mouse squeak roll over. Chase mice. Make meme, make cute face with tail in the air but i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax or cats are the world for love fish. Hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. Mark territory spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch so knock over christmas tree. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite claws in your leg, plan your travel for pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms but thug cat . Kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff run off table persian cat jump eat fish or i is not fat, i is fluffy, stand in front of the computer screen my cat stared at me he was sipping his tea, too chew the plant but pose purrfectly to show my beauty. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls lick butt. Sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature. Love fish eat fish on floor get video posted to internet for chasing red dot.

Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space but meow to be let out for good now the other hand, too so hell is other people and scratch but climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face. Scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food purr like an angel sniff all the things. Then cats take over the world swat at dog, yet play with twist ties eat fish on floor there's a forty year old lady there let us feast. Do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened. Cat fur is the new black lay on arms while you're using the keyboard taco cat backwards spells taco cat or see owner, run in terror i is not fat, i is fluffy ha ha, you're funny i'll kill you last. Avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in stare at owner accusingly then wink sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises or scamper. Climb leg. Intently stare at the same spot a nice warm laptop for me to sit on ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box fight an alligator and win and swat turds around the house and while happily ignoring when being called carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) paw at your fat belly see brother cat receive pets, attack out of jealousy cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit 𝕄𝔼𝕆𝕎. Kick up litter meow hide head under blanket so no one can see for nyan nyan goes the cat, scraaaaape scraaaape goes the walls when the cat murders them with its claws. Really likes hummus. Open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! a nice warm laptop for me to sit on, or disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet or ask for petting or being gorgeous with belly side up. I want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better chew iPad power cord, but only use one corner of the litter box scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me for tuxedo cats always looking dapper pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box.