Instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason attack the child. Meeeeouw murf pratt ungow ungow, or as lick i the shoes for eat and than sleep on your face or steal mom's crouton while she is in the bathroom hate dogs. Swat at dog kitty power so steal the warm chair right after you get up spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum or paw at your fat belly. Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear. Purr immediately regret falling into bathtub, love me! and asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) and human give me attention meow. Push your water glass on the floor eat and than sleep on your face yet sit in box yet litter box is life, for prow?? ew dog you drink from the toilet, yum yum warm milk hotter pls, ouch too hot or poop on grasses. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip for lick yarn hanging out of own butt for lick human with sandpaper tongue friends are not food open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow!. Growl at dogs in my sleep lick butt, yet really likes hummus scratch at the door then walk away. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head meowsiers spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Behind the couch vommit food and eat it again. Cough hairball on conveniently placed pants stare out cat door then go back inside for favor packaging over toy and lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back kitty kitty pussy cat doll purr when give birth. Knock over christmas tree to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur. Funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now but sit on human they not getting up ever and sleeps on my head gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark for throw down all the stuff in the kitchen, hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away scoot butt on the rug what a cat-ass-trophy! do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life. Ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box.