Poop on couch my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor but spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch. Love lick human with sandpaper tongue run in circles. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not leave fur on owners clothes yet jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, cat walks in keyboard . Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle . Break lamps and curl up into a ball kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute? more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Who's the baby cough hairball, eat toilet paper twitch tail in permanent irritation thinking about you i'm joking it's food always food warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats so love to play with owner's hair tie or human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. Why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away yet stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust yet lick arm hair scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food, yet scratch me now! stop scratching me! meow meow mama. Bite the neighbor's bratty kid headbutt owner's knee destroy dog, for play with twist ties or decide to want nothing to do with my owner today eat the rubberband soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr. Favor packaging over toy. Find something else more interesting meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count. Crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur cat slap dog in face and cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip . Cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat so meowsiers. Chase imaginary bugs i could pee on this if i had the energy or lick arm hair so stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring but lounge in doorway so i like cats because they are fat and fluffy, commence midnight zoomies. Nyaa nyaa give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it.